Update docs to new measurement format (#660)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/docs/workflows/verify-cluster.md

        warnOnly: false
    13:
        expected: "0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000"
        warnOnly: false
    14:
        expected: "d7c4cc7ff7933022f013e03bdee875b91720b5b86cf1753cad830f95e791926f"
        warnOnly: true
    15:
        expected: "0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000"
        warnOnly: false
# ...
```

Each entry specifies the expected value of the Constellation, and whether the measurement should be enforced (`warnOnly: false`), or only a warning should be logged (`warnOnly: true`).

This is because only a subset of the [available measurements](../architecture/attestation.md#runtime-measurements) can be locally reproduced and verified.

During attestation, the validating side (CLI or [join service](../architecture/components.md#joinservice)) compares each measurement reported by the issuing side (first node or joining node) individually.
For mismatching measurements that have set `warnOnly` to `true` only warning is emitted.
For mismatching measurements that have set `warnOnly` to `false` an error is emitted and attestation fails.

> If attestation fails for a newly joining node, the new node isn't permitted to join the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If attestation fails for a new node, it isn't permitted to join the cluster.
```
